Data through APIs.
Many online platforms and web services such as Google
and Facebook expose their data through a web API.
Sometimes we need to build API connections and database connection to pull in this data.
API examples, Facebook ads Insights API
could be feeding your CRM to get statistics of ads you're running on Facebook.
Similarly, you might be using
Google Custom Search APIs to provide a customized search on your blog or site.
Other type of data could be through flat files.
No matter how much automation is put in place,
there is always a need to ingest data from a flat files such as CSV.
You need appropriate systems in place to import
such data and make it available for query and visualization.
Data quality and data integrity is always a concern in such cases,
but you have to still figure out best ways to handle
such scenarios without degrading your quality commitments.
Example of flat file data would be, transaction reconciliations.
E-commerce platform such as Amazon,
eBay, work with multiple vendors, small and big.
They could be monthly or weekly
reconciliation processes running to reconcile inventory and transactions.
Many small businesses reconcile using CSV files.
They send CSV files with all the transactions that invent to information.
Organizations need to have capabilities to ingest and process such files.
This brings us to the end of this section.
I'll see you soon in the next section,
with solution to all the quizzes.